That's one honking big protein
Here is the cleavage
Down here is the bad zone
This is a dark place where there is no redemption
I am not a lawyer
We miss you Erica
I’m as tired of this as you are
You know, attend one party.
Let's have a little interlude since you are all falling asleep 
*picks up dead cockroach to put on document camera*
*turns off lights* oh you can't see me, thats ok I'm black
Wow, it's so big, isn't it? I'd better make it smaller
We have to do the complement trick one more time to finish er off
theres a bit more meat in these ones, or tofu if you prefer
That, presumably, is the dog that urinates on everything
Your UI will eventually become racist
It can do it itself
or like guitar when you I don't know press a string then the music comes out
let's say you are playing the key of D, so that's one key you push down, 
or if you're on the guitar you just... 
click somewhere then you strum, but that one click that you're doing *strums*
You can make it so that you're as high as you like
Is it Donald Trump? Oh yeah baby
D can be a D, or it can be a D followed by more V
boot up panopto, boot up panopto, lala lala lala lala
well some clever clogs decided that this was a good way 
to approach NP hard programming problems
you could do the same thing, we could kind of do a simulated annealing
the same thing that you're tryna create tempered steel
is that what it's called?
yknow when I first started talking about this 
I was trynna be all hip and young
and I was tryna think of the name of the art of making a great sword
yknow you hear it every once in a while in movies, sword making is called - this
uh I couldn't think of the name but I thought I did so I just went out and said
uhh so in the field of, there's this field in Japan, this art form called hentai
see now you know what that word means and I didn't
I didn't know what the word meant, I got a similar reaction, I go
jeepers I've they've really think I'm being clever or I've said something I didn't mean to
but anyway
I love that you called it an art form
I had this student approach me and ask why we code in Java because nobody codes in Java these
days, everyone codes in Python such as in places like Google.
So in front of him I whipped out my phone and rang one of my good friends who works at Google
and asked him "do you code in Java?"
Oh no! Oh this time I did it *looks at permanent marker* I'll have to come in tomorrow to fix this
What about the second test? Well I though it'd be a good idea to have A SURPRISE TEST!!
A pop quiz so to speak worth the other 20%
this ties into the history of animation
so I have these four water bottles here
this NFSA is actually a simplification of this *draws a **** on the whiteboard*
it's like software quality assurance, but for you guys!